# Kit Module

> A kit module is a standard terraform module implementing lightweight conventions that
> enable collie's tooling.

Kit modules must be stored in the `/kit` path of the construction kit [repository](repository.md), e.g.
`/kit/aws/my-module/`. The `id` of the module is its path relative to the `kit/` folder, e.g. `aws/my-module` in the
given example.

At a minimum, a kit module must consist of a terraform module `main.tf` and `README.md` file
meeting the following conventions.

## Module README.md

The readme contains module documentation and structured kit module metadata in YAML frontmatter. The frontmatter must contain two **mandatory** property keys `name` and `summary` describing each module:

```markdown
---
name: My Module name
summary: |
  describe what the module does
compliance: # optional
  - control: framework/control # control id (relative path to the control's .md file without extension)
    statement: |
      describe how this module implements the control
---
# My Module

Your extensive module description here...
```

::: tip
`collie foundation docs` leverages the `name` and `summary` properties to render references to the module in the documentation
of platforms that apply this module.
:::

### Compliance Statements

Kit modules can also have **optional** additional `compliance` statements. Compliance statements document how a module
implence controls imposed by the foundation's compliance frameworks. See [compliance](/compliance) for more details.

A compliance statement must have these properties

- `control` references the `id` of the compliance control. The id is the path to the control configuration file relative to the `compliance/ directory` without the `.md` extension
- `statement` is a human-readable text that describes how the kit module implements the compliance control

## Terraform Module

A kit module is a standard terraform module that adheres to the following conventions.

### Documentation Output

The terraform module has an `output "documentation_md"` which is read out by collie foundation docs and shown on the module's documentation page generated by `collie foundation docs`. This documentation is inteded for consumption by application teams and security auditors.

### Module Documentation

You may find it useful to document your kit module's variables and outputs for yourself and fellow platform engineers who are
applying the kit module to their platforms. Modules published here on [collie hub](../modules/README.md) always come
with this documentation.

To do document your kit module, simply set a standard terraform `description` on your variables and outputs like so.

```hcl
variable "aws_root_account_id" {
  type        = string
  description = "The id of your AWS Organization's root account"
}
```

::: tip
`collie kit compile` will attempt to generate this documentation using `terraform-docs` and appends this to the kit module's
`README.md`.
:::
